# Secret-Hackathon
## Sisu Stake Secret Hackathon Team Project Overview

Submission Requirements

A video/Demo of your product, preferably contracts have a usable UI/Mockup to be shown.

A written description (max 2 pages, as Readme.md in your repository) covering:

"User-focused summary" of the created product (talk about what it does)



"Investor pitch" - What is the problem it solves and where is the PMF?


The product provides accessibility to a DeFi strategy made to have low volatility and earn more as volatility increases. The stablecoin LP strategy deployed will earn more during periods of high volatility because there will be more trades going into, or out of, stablecoins. 

The profits generated by the LPs are then converted to SILK and deposited into Shade Earn, which will generate more returns during highly volatile periods when Shade Borrow liquidations occur. 

Shade Earn rewards are then claimed and sent to the NFT owner's wallet. Half of the reward tokens sent to the NFT owner's wallet are also interest-bearing assets in the form of stkd-SCRT, stATOM, and stOSMO. 

Long term, the stablecoin strategy deployed takes advantage of the highly volatile crypto markets, while also slowly building a LONG position using staked assets that give exposure to the upside potential of ATOM, OSMO, and SCRT. 


"Development Deepdive" - How did you build this, how do the contracts/functions interact and which design choices did you make.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See [DESIGN.md](https://github.com/SisuStake/Secret-Hackathon/blob/master/DESIGN.md).
